They took the sledgehammer to Capitol Hill.
Trump's in a role pumping Adderall bills.
Musk tweets laws from a private jet, says democracy's dead, but we're not there yet.
Education, yeah, they torched the schools and placed teachers of clickbait and crypto fools.
Kids learn more from TikTok feeds than a thousand bureaucratic PhDs.
We're circling the train in a limousine.
Lent by billionaires with guillotines Freeze your funds if you're holding grey Come verified, person or fade away We got tariffs on air, taxes on dreams Outrage, inflation in the land of the means Is this dystopia or just routine?
It's freedom bending for the ultra obscene.
Remember when facts had a little more weight?
Now it's true soul served on a gold dinner plate.
Congress is streaming on only fans and the nukes are action up to the highest stand.
Border walls built from iPhone screens and I see drones fly by Red Bull machines.
Nas all sold to Tesla's brand because Mars is the backup just not for your fam.
Well, folks, in the day, today's big America, and you can privatize the prison, but not the grand mals, and soon, it's our squeal.
Let's hear it for the free market, unless it broke.
We're suckling the drain in a limousine, led by billionaires with guillotines.
Freeze your funds if you're old and gray.
Come verify in personal or just decay.
We got tariffs on love, taxes on rage.
Opposed truth costs won't dance for days.
You wait for a bar cuff, still dasheen.
It's freedom, baby, in a fascist regime.
I like that.
Molotov with your last receipt.
Tell the SEC to kiss both cheeks.
If it all goes down in a blaze of tweets, we'll be moshin' in the streets with punk rock beats.
The algorithm judges what's left of our rights while we're all doomed, scrolling through endless fights.
Corporate bailouts are raining down on private yachts in a sinking town.
The working class gets a pat on the back.
Essential heroes, but your pension's hacked, so raise a middle finger to the status quo.
When the rich man system starts to blow, we're circling the train in a limousine like
